{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs36 Self-help: is there a better medium than books?\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\fs26 \
Self-help contains of three foundational elements where the first one is building faith. The reason why books includes engaging narratives and stories is to build a faith in the readers, faith that they can change their life. If you\'92ve never exercised in your life and in bad shape than you\'92ll have no hope for running a marathon. Hope needs reason to exists, it needs something to attach to - maybe you\'92ve been a good in sport in the school, maybe your parents were? Faith on the other hand is blind and needs no reason to exists. You may read about one guy who were in worser shape than you and then completing a marathon and suddenly you start to think that you can do as well. Great self-help books are great in building faith in the readers and 
\f1\b having faith is required to start a change
\f2\b0 . \
\
Second foundational element is sharing knowledge how to make a change. How exactly to prepare to run a marathon, how to be more productive, ways to fight distractions? 
\f1\b Writers educate the readers
\f2\b0 , sharing the knowledge, informing them about common pitfalls and common workaround. 
\f1\b Most readers consumes books in a passive way
\f2\b0  - very few take notes or actively interact with the content. Ask yourself how much do you remember from last book that you\'92ve read - likely you\'92ll remember a few main thoughts from the 300 pages, all the rest is forgotten. \
\

\f1\b All self-help books are alike
\f2\b0 : They all trying to build a faith in readers that they can change their lives and they all repeat the same advices all over again about how to live a better live and reaching your goals. Why then new self-help books appears every day? Because all the books are missing a closure: they leave reader alone in applying those ideas to the reality. 
\f1\b It\'92s up to the reader to build an experience from it and most fails to do so
\f2\b0 . And building an experience, applying those ideas to life is a third foundational element that books are missing.\
\
There is one medium that can include an engaging narrative, that can be used to share the knowledge and also provide a more interactive experience to allow connecting ideas to the reality, follow it\'92s progress and repeat if needed - it\'92s games. Not the usual kind of games where everything happen in virtual worlds which often used an opposite of self-help and way to escape the reality. 
\f1\b New type of games
\f2\b0  where virtual world is just a virtual perspective on a reality where player is living. The games where Player become better in real life, where real life achievements are happening and game provides an alternative narrative for that to make it more engaging.\
\
Games are lasting much longer, very few books provides hundreds of hours of content. With longer hours there is more space for repetition and it will solve a problem of forgetting most of the things. Games are highly interactive which makes it\'92s consumption active - we can guide Players in connecting ideas to the reality and follow up how it\'92s going. Games allows rich narrative and also visual to increase the immersion. Games are social - feeling of  being not alone in a journey is a tremendous motivator, having someone who will tap on your back and appreciate your effort at the end of the day could make us keep going even if we feel at the lowest.\
\
We are building such game and we are going to share everything that we\'92ll learn from this in hope that others will start building such games as well.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}