{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 List of things we want to educate the Player:\
\
- The main lesson for the players-persistence and effort will take you anywhere\
- How to recover- most people has issue with not being able to recover, only rest. Sleep, diet, meditation, reduced consumption, walking, sugar, exercises\
- Goal of the game is learning - what is the main lesson that we are trying to convey? To reach the horizon - keep walking\
- In skill learning you first transform your mind, it might take years, it may be not noticeable, but is a required step. Keep following it\
- Boredom is not a signal of need of distraction, but rather the need for new challenge to conquer\
- Book recommendation - maybe. Make it part of the game as well - find it and collect those, kinda like the ancient scrolls of wisdom. It will be impossible to curate list of books, so collaborative effort will be needed, but it should fit the game well and don\'92t break immersion. \
- One way to fit long texts into the story: book pages distributed across the game and players can collect them to collect a whole book. Maybe even in paragraph chunks\
- What Player will perceive as unfair? In the Game or outside of it - what we need to educate to the Player?\
- Trying your best doesn\'92t mean perfect execution\
- Symmetric games although fair are not as interesting comparing to asymmetric - in those we need to learn side strengths and weaknesses and plan accordingly in order to win. Also it feels more real\
- Activity starts with environment - what if we create a virtual one for the user which then Player will fill up with artefacts, experiences, books and so on?\
- We only learn by doing\
- Choice itself is a distraction - remove the choice and there would be no distraction\
- Stories about our limitless potential\
- Stories about Skill development and common progress patterns: sound in music, walking in running, no visible results at first, plateau with going advanced\
- Choice itself is a distraction - remove the choice and there would be no distraction\
- Trying is scary and hard, but not trying will make you suffer even more\
- Many are hungry for change, adventures, achievements, but missing a guide and a direction\
- Fear of failures: You don\'92t take charge of your own future. \
- Failure is not the end - trying things again, getting back to the place where you\'92ve failed and attempt to get it right this time and enjoy the fight: You are the hero if you go to the battle where others are stronger and chances of winning are slim. You are the hero\
- Excuses - we use those to protect our ego and remain in safe environment of doing nothing. There is a way, there is compromise, there is a path forward which is not optimal and result wouldn\'92t be as great, so what? We need to find a way to our goal, one way or another: naked, broken, pathetic or laughable, but reaching the goal is what matters\
- \'93I want to write a book, but what if I do my best and fail?\'94 And you will miserably fail, it will be the worst thing that you could produce and book paper will burn itself just not carry those words. But you want not a book - you want to be a writer. Writer writes books, many of those and believe me writing a first book will make you a writer which is thousands of times better that you are right now. Second book will improve it even further and it will be the best book that you\'92ll write. Until you start a new one. It may take a lot of time before you\'92ll be able to produce something that is worthy, but you\'92ll become a Writer from the very first day. Dream is not a wrote book, but dream is becoming a writer\
- Coward - I am the one, I am afraid of everything, my guts are storming every time I need to speak with another man, my hands are shaking, I\'92m starting to sweat just thinking about living my house and yet I\'92m doing it. I\'92m not trying to fix it, I wish I could, that is part of me and so be it. It\'92s a sign that I\'92m doing something that matters for me\
- Looser - is the one who have failed to much and others are laughing on him, but he is the one who is trying. We need to be losers, we need to try and fail and only the one who don\'92t do anything never loose - they are no one. 
\f1\b I\'92d much better be a looser than no one. 
\f0\b0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}