{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs56 Main Events\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs26 - Seeker arrival\
- The Decay\
\
TODO\
- Think carefully who our users are - some are high achievers in hope to accomplish even more, others didn\'92t reach that part and needs support. Building faith, helping finding purpose, support leaving comfort zone, praise and being a supportive friend who taps on back every day to celebrate even smallest progress\
- Admire those who are trying\
- Main fears are fear of failure, fear of being too old and fear of lack of support (or rejection) from the family and friends. Those are our Demons and to fight them we need to name them, only after we know their name we can defat them. We need gradually expose ourselves to our fears and eventually it become a common and fear would disappear. If we keep running away from it we would make fear only stronger\
- Fear of death with insignificance - that is the reason for aiming for realising a full potential of yourself. In game though we may reverse it at first, live for a max potential and later explain why. Also we need to show others living for the same rule - Demons and evil creatures and Gods, it\'92s universal law\
- We need your biggest contribution to the world that you can possibly give. You need your biggest contribution that you can possibly give. It may be not big, but biggest for you\
- I am doing it because I could\
- Live a live without a risk and the result of it would be nothing but a regret\
- We are not defined by our past. It may hunt us forever, but we can start over and become the one we want to be any time.  Past is like a hand holding for our leg and stopping us going forward\
- We should not make an impression that everyone is strong: Weak NPC, failing one, laughable are, broken legs, but chasing for perfection, confused ones, wrong ones, stupid, liars, who range\
- We can\'92t wait to be healthy, perfect and prepared in every way. Everything valuable that has ever been done was done by someone with flaws and wounds\
- The suffering that we went through makes us qualified to easy the suffering who is dealing with the same. We know the pain, we know how it feels and we can understand and talk with those who is is dealing with the same. We went though that and we can guide others towards the exit\
- Everyone wants to save the Earth, no one to help Mom with dishes. Meaning comes from living life with dignity. Selfless life of helping and supporting others will make you the wealthier that the wealthiest\
- Story may start with a selfish reason of finding yourself, but once on a track it should shift to help others, or as simple as helping just one random man. Helping others will help ourselves\
\
\
\
\
- We target adults, so no end-of-the-world and saving humanity as it\'92s silly for grown ups. Main story is about saving themselves - only about Player himself\
\
- Create a feeling of New Beginning, starting over and learning how to walk. Happiness of walking again\
\
- Those who succeed become Masters, those who have failed become Heroes\
\
- First is rejection \
- Life is not ahead of us, but now \
- It\'92s not going to be clear where they are - maybe death and afterlife, maybe just a dream \
- We want to come back to our past life, which is not possible - there is only way forward\
- Find me when you\'92re alive again!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - \'93Get my life back!\'94\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
- Start a story together with another Seeker to begin searching together. Also for discovering ideas together - two lost man\
\
- To be is to do - Socrates. We can gamify that by motivating Player to do activities and so Avatar may not exists outside of this time\
\
- Normalise error - via feeding Failure Demon, via showing others who fail. By comparing to those who don\'92t even try\
\
- Story has to be interactive which doesn\'92t mean it cannot be linear. Player can be part of the plot by contributing to it by making small choices even if those results with the same outcome\
\
It starts with the brief - few pages outline what this story is about and what lesson/deepest meaning we want to convey.\
\
Act 1: Setup, introduce dramatic premise, world, characters. It is important for player to understand the world, where he is. We need to introduce the world and rules of it\
Act 2: Hero faces many obstacles that he needs to resolve to reach his goal\
Act 3: Resolution, final conclusion\
\
Then to go lower we see scenes, it could be 100 in our cases, one per level.\
\
Maybe we could add more drama - accent that daemon prevents us from achieving our dreams, maybe killing Sage along the way? Tension has to be there and something else for player motivation but a mastery. Maybe play on curiosity, anger, need of revenge. Many high achievers or just people who started have a big pile of guilt, aiming there anger and frustration towards that? Maybe a curse? Visualize our struggle as external artificial force?\
\
Could we start in a dramatic moment of daemon about to eat the player, but Sage is saving him - that is a really nice opening that many are looking for: To be saved and start a new life. Same could be used as a curse clause. \
\
\'93Nameless\'94 - creates a greater mystery than any other given name. It also may be a good name for the root of all - creator of everything\
\
List all the requests for the story: mood, lessons, environment, critical points and hero arc. In a plot there should be a secret, like secret of mastery which Sage and player will both would look for. \
\
What is Sage motivation? What he is trying to achieve? What or who prevents him from getting it? How does the player fits into that story?\
\
What is the main antagonist? Just a daemon that prevents us from achieving our dreams? Many of those?\
\
Shell we add other heroes and NPC to the story? Or should it be more lonely experience with signs of others via social connections? What kind of feeling we would like player to have? Line journey which teaches us how to rely on yourself or being part of a big team that is trying to achieve same goal together by helping and supporting each other?\
 \
What everyone in this story wants? And what each of them, including player, actually needs? Drama and hero arc is in this mismatch. \
\
What is the deepest meaning that we try to convey? We may be not explicitly state that, in fact we should not be explicit. \
\
Daemon may pursue the player, scary and dangerous and meeting this is fatal. Only after player grows and ready to face the daemon it will open that daemon is a part of the player and only way to win is acceptance and merging into one. We can actually add a premise to the player saying that the secret of the Mastery behind the daemon, which we can make very explicit in the game, but in reality it\'92s once player wins the Daemon, then he becomes a master but merely accepting it.\
\
Without conflict there is no drama - good indicator is word \'93but\'94 in the outline. The more the better, but too much is bad. \
\

\f2\b Very few found their purpose in life
\f1\b0  and you are not the only one who is lost. Many don\'92t know what to do with their life because they keep looking for an answer inside their head, like someone had put it there from your birth. It\'92s a discovery - you need to go out and see things with your own eyes, put your own hands in it, feel it yourself. No one would bring the answer to your door step, but go out, search and you will maybe find it. You may never find it, but you\'92ll die proud that you\'92ve tried.\
\
When there is 
\f2\b no choice there is no distractions
\f1\b0  and we can focus on what matters the most for us. It\'92s freedom from unintentional things and a way to a focused life. From things that we think we have to be done; things that we should do because everybody else is doing; things we would like to escape if we knew how; things that are mildly rewarding, but easy and safe. Distractions are things that don\'92t matter. Distraction was always there, people were trying to fight it as thousands years ago as they do now. Technology progress may be different, but your grand father was struggling as much as you do.\
\
Achievements of others are irrelevant, those people are not you and those values are not yours. We all have our own ways and envy has no place in it as we should do what matters to us, not to people which surrounds us. Everyone else is better than us at something, many can do with ease things are impossible for us, everyday they are winning their battles which are impossible to even imagine. Wins of others are irrelevant as we are not even participating in those competitions and we should never be sad about it. 
\f2\b Values of others are irrelevant.
\f1\b0  Someone having 50 millions subscribers on YouTube and being rich from it - this is irrelevant or is it?\
\
Everyone of us a unique with our own strengths, weaknesses, capabilities and constraints. Not everyone can become a king and from those very few are willing to become one. We have unique paths, we may not change the world, but there would be things at certain time, at certain place that only you can accomplish. There would be people that only you will be able to help and no one but you.\
\
Success and achievement are relative words, some are happy to be able to walk again, others are dreaming to travel faster than light. It\'92s foolish to think that only if we get success of others we would be happy. Happiness comes from who we are, not from what we have. }