{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 - You can\'92t help everyone - some families are way beyond your capabilities\
- I\'92m loosing my insanity\
- Crazy doctor who tries to help others, but doing it only for he\'92s own benefit\
- Some are lost all their hope and just try to kill their time and destroy themself even earlier\
- Who wouldn\'92t be nervous if they really, really  looked at their lives?  Whose live is that good?\
- There should be a goal which is so impossible they will make everyone lough on it\
- I live for the King\
- I was given Weapon and meant to use it - Villain, purpose\
- Don\'92t tell me that isn\'92t real - this an all that I have\
- Stars they shine for you, they lie to you\
- Who do you think you are?\
- Every day is the same and we have infinite attempts to perfect that\
- Notice me. Labels like Tornado\
- Barry old, fire them to ashes, mix with clay and make sculptures\
- Guide Player to find a god that can cure his curse only to find that god is dead long time ago and Player has to fight Demon himself\
- Dark anti-hero - Witch will tell all the dark thoughts that Player actually has\
- Demons should kidnap Sage : You\'92ve left me alone!\
- Have one of the character as a hidden Demon\
- We learn and better at giving advices - could we add another character (a young kid?) which player will teach? Small, unconfident, weak kid that is seeking for someone to guid him in life. It is something players will relate to as that is often what we are thinking of ourselves. That would be nice also to have a closure setup: player (scenario) comes in with an issue, Sage gives a rather abstract answer, player that internalise and lives through the lesson and verbalise it to the Kid when time comes  \
- Dreams, show that Player is failing, then he asks Sage to explain it. Wisdom will be that knowing that you\'92ll fail and trying anyway that is what hero would do.\
- Someone gave his life for yours, so you cannot die yet - told by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://3807ACD9-23DB-47B5-8B02-7A85A0B302D5"}}{\fldrslt Largitor}}\
- Sometimes I have bad thoughts, dark one\
-  I am proud of my scars\
- You have left me alone\
- Daemon - leave me alone!\
- When you do it for someone else then it\'92s not going to stick. To make it stay you should do it for purely selfish reasons\
- One who didn\'92t try to change his life for many years and when suggested to give it a try he would say \'93No, it\'92s too late\'94 in fear of living comfort zone. Choose to be miserable, rather than uncomfortable\
- Group of given up Seekers who supports each other in giving up. Try to save one and group will do everything that they can do to hold him down\
- Obese man, walking in search for redemption for his past, punishing himself for things he had done.\
- Resilient fighter - one who is keep loosing, one who is failing all the time, suffering but keep going determining to reach his goal no matter what\
- One who want to reach success by any means: Corrupt, kill, steal, to obtain as much as possible using any way that exists, one who tries to fill the hole inside by the possessions\
- The wealthier you are, the more isolated you become, less willing to share and focusing on keeping the wealth that you have\
- The one who is trying to make him more beauty to the obsession using equivalent of plastic surgery in the fantasy world collecting and tuning up his face all the time focusing on appearance. Catarsis will come from facing off all the masks and accepting who you are which will allow to obtain peace and happiness\
- You stop by to help another Seeker, it will consume a whole day, you\'92ll loose a progress for today, but you\'92ll help him. You sacrifice your precious time to help another man\
- Cemetery filled with Stipes, a whole valley of those who have came to end their lifes. Gods standing over and observing, it\'92s their representation of wealth, Demons hate this place. Analogy of a suicide forest.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}