{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Breaking bad habits\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Many thinks it\'92s hopeless to break the loop\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Bad habits gives us joy and abandoning that will make a life miserable. We need to break this illusion, to show that life can be fine\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Just using a will power and avoiding bad things creates a conflict - we avoid what we like. Key thing is stop liking it - to realize that it produces very little or no joy at all\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}First is convey that Player is not alone - there were other people with the same bad habit; there are people with the same bad habit; and there are people who have solved that\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Convey to the Player that he/she can trust the way of getting rid of the bad habit\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}We can visualise bad habit as nicotine leaving your body: 30 minutes - 50%; 1 hour - 75%; 8 hours - 97%; 3 days - 100% free\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}I don\'92t expect you to agree entirely with what I\'92m saying, I just want you to consider the possibility that what I am saying could be true\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}First is convince Player that he/she can stop doing bad behavior - convince that the Player has Control over it and in charge of stopping it. Convince that it\'92s all mental and if mental then it\'92s up to us\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Frame bad habits as addiction: needs of something despite harmful consequences\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Bad habits give sense of relief from the stress that was created be the previous use: play game - feel bad - play game to feel better - feel bad - infinity. Interestingly feeling of relief comes when we are opening a game/pack of cigarets: even before it gave us actual physical affect - it\'92s all in our mind \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}We got satisfaction from bad habits by resolving the craving itself, pleasure comes from satisfying the need - not the result of doing it\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Before you start doing bad habits you have been complete - bad habits didn\'92t add anything to make it so. Removing bad habits wouldn\'92t remove anything as nothing was added\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Pay attention that you actually enjoy the bad habits - is there so much fun, joy and satisfaction? There is probably some, but most of the time there not that much pleasure\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Convincing Player that bad habit is bad is pointless and so as describing why it\'92s bad and what kind of harm Player does. It\'92s obvious for all of us already. It creates a nice bonus that we don\'92t need to know anything about bad habit itself - they are all the same and details don\'92t matter\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Fear is the biggest reason why we don\'92t stop - how can we live without it? How would we survive? It\'92s such a big part of our life that dropping that will hurt us and will make our life worser\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}If there is no pleasure in doing bad habit then it\'92s pointless. If it\'92s pointless then there is no need of willpower to stop doing it\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Physical need is rather small source of cravings - much bigger one is perception of the pleasure that you can get\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Bad habits are guilty pleasures - something that we think we like, but regret afterwards. In reality there are no pleasure - there is guilt, regret, FOMO, habit, fear of living without, familiarity of current status quo\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}The more restrictive thing is, the more people say that it is bad - the more appealing it become to some people\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Heroin addicts convince themselves that they got a lot from the drug use and cannot live without it. For you though it\'92s pointless and clear that it\'92s harmful. And yet we convince ourselves that we got a lot from our addictions and cannot live without it\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}The whole method of a cure is not about stopping doing things that we desire, but reduce the perceived value of what we crave - making it pointless\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Extrapolate to next 30-50 years: how much time would have been wasted? How much money? How much opportunities in life you are going to miss which wont appear again?\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Look to yourself from the side - do you look happy when you do your bad habit? Imagine how do you look - do you look happy?\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Promises - keep promising the cure, and by itself it will cultivate faith in the cure\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Realize that satisfying an addiction and getting a pleasure from it is simple relief of the craving that was created by that addiction itself\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}There is a sacrifice when we fight an addiction only when we treat addiction as our friend\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}There are people with the great willpower - athletes, high status people who climbed from the bottom - who have same addiction as you. So probably it\'92s not a willpower question?\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Those who have used their will power to stop an addiction often become aggressive towards those who didn\'92t do it yet: inside they still didn\'92t give up on desire and mocking others justifies their sacrifice\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}When distraction is not available, it\'92s easily leaves our heads. It\'92s like our addiction disappear instantly - in airplane there is no craving for something you cannot have. But if flight is about to end and suddenly there is delay - heavy craving appears}