{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs36 What do I want from the story?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><!$Scr_H::1><$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\b\fs26 Faith\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\b\fs26 \
To accept the regrets of the past and start over\

\f2\b0 	- Hero lost his identities, he has lost his life, completeness and integrity and need to get it back. Start over - you are the new you, start from the scratch. Avoidance and running away. It has to be an interactive story - Hero have lost identities, but Player is gathering those in real life\
	- Acceptance should come from finding signs of your past, mistakes, failures, missed opportunities - those were made by another you. You are different now and old you is dead\

\f1\b \
To overcome a paralysing fear that prevents us from living\

\f2\b0 	- Apart of our own demons the environment itself, the world is against the Player. The Curse affecting everyone and slowly transforms people to mindless creatures that are still alive, but don\'92t live anymore. Curse is a fear that prevents people from living, that makes them stuck in the same infinite loop of existence - they breath, but inside they are dead\
	- What do you afraid of? What are you keep running away? What is your Demon that scares you so much that you can\'92t move forward? Explicit and visualised fears that Player need to name - to beat the Demon you need it\'92s name, so Player is then forces to name the Demon, make it explicit, fight it and win over\
	- To give a sense of time limit - life is not infinite and every day counts. Every day without any progresses reduces your lifetime is wasted, while day of fully engaged life is a day well spent - it adds to the final score. Make a game limit of 10 years after which it ends.
\f1\b \
\
To allow yourself to dream\

\f2\b0 	- It\'92s not an issue of lack of dreams - we are full of it, but too afraid too allow ourselves to dream about those. To dream we need to kill the Fear. Demon Fear is the one who stole our dreams and Player completes the journey when he realises that demon stole the ability to dream itself. Once there is no Fear anymore Player can start dreaming again with no fear, with no limits, like there were no past - infinitely and beyond
\f1\b \
\
To build the faith in self to follow your dreams\

\f2\b0 	- There is a an initial quest to find a cure for the Player to restore all the Identities, to give initially a hope for something that will transform the Player and magically make it better. Creator god posses the Cure, but only then it will be discovered that God is one of the form of the Demon - Illusion. Player should realised that \'93I Am Already Saved\'94 followed by killing a Demon. Transformation should be subtle - initial complete reliance on a possible Cure, with first suspicious signs that Cure may be not what it is, followed by the gradual realisation that it\'92s all Demon lies. It\'92s important that Player will actually experience it in a real life - Player can achieve things without God. Player is a God.\
	- The only way to build faith that you can achieve the impossible is by working on impossible things. Every second that you spend on working towards something that you think is impossible; every time you come back, every time you remain persistent - it will make you to get used to work without hope and without a solution. It will make you enjoy to be surrounded by challenges, it will make you feel comfortable to be in a place where no one have been before, it will give you purpose and fill you with passion to keep going. Make it explicit - in game \'93Master Of Impossible\'94 and motivate player to work on it. In game rationale - you have a gift to realise an impossible given by gods itself, don\'92t waste this potential. Maybe it will be in game gods gift, not given but earned via in game quest. 
\f1\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::2><$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\b\fs26 Knowledge\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>
\f2\fs26 \

\f1\b To learn that to change the future - is to change the present and changes in the present are coming from the past\

\f2\b0 	- Interconnected timelines. Throughout the game Player will teleport to different timelines and to different worlds. Sometimes in his own world and be able to interact with past-self: Give encouragement, support or simply listen. Sometimes to the future and see how far Player went and get encouragement, support or simply talk about the problems. In other cases Player will teleport to the worlds of other Players and then do the same. It would be possible to interact across the dimensions and time: Jump to the past and plant a tree only to discover back in your time to have a forest. Jump to another world and leave a note, bring a subject, put a sculpture, leave a mark. To constantly remind Player that his past effects the present and present affects the future. It\'92s important to set that future is not set, so we can show negative image of something only to get back to the now and see that there is still plenty of opportunities to change it.
\f1\b \
\
How to the break the downward spiral of negative habits\
	
\f2\b0 - Essentially it\'92s an isolation plus feeling of control, it\'92s like a hard reset - we need to stop everything and start over. In this special mode it\'92s all about getting a control back and every small step counts and celebrated. In game mindfulness - mood should change to mindfulness and meditation, we need to force a player to stop: explore the forest, see how flowers grow. Social features - that is the moment of the biggest struggle, other Players should be able to see that and give support. Promote physical area, recovery, sleep, isolation, being outside, talking, good diet, walks. Give NPC who struggle as well and force Player to help which makes him not alone and motivates to focus on solution to go forward. Mix past/future to show Player he is capable of doing more. Journaling helps in here\
	- \'93Walk Of Rebirth\'94 will move Player to the ocean beach of a dark sand. It\'92s hundreds of miles long and there are nothing but sand dunes. Theres is nothing you can do, but walk across the shore, smell the ocean and listen to the waves. Now and then Player finds items in the sand - notes, pictures, bones, skulls. Players see illusions of other players walking the same path, also lost and can wave to each other. Eventually Player finds struggling NPC which cannot walk and by using physical activities Player start to carry it together while discussing their lifes, just two guys going to the horizon in the world of emptiness. Walking is a control and walking is an isolation. 
\f1\b \
\
To see that everyone is struggling - most give up, but some are keep going\

\f2\b0 	- World should be full of other people who are fighting the same demons. There would people who gave up, who has lost this battle. Some gave up without a fight and help demon to compensate the regrets and willing to put everyone else on the same road. Those would be represented as a series of quests with different stories about NPC. Also because of time travel/parallel world travel there would be a way to observe others, see notes and different items of past stories about heroes and travellers. Make it explicit Resilient identity - every failure contribute to that, every long break and then returning increases that - \'93Master Of Resilience\'94 \

\f1\b \
To understand that many unique paths exists\
	
\f2\b0 - Make it explicit - allow to specify a Path for the identity, which could be a course name, a current accent, a focus area or a training plan. In game it will be rendered as an already covered path and then future possible path if user continue doing the same and then alternative path - so it will be always possible to see that there is an alternative path and maybe we could even promote it sometimes - pre-render some reward there so motivate Player to step aside from the current path.
\f1\b \
\
To find time and strength to keep going forward\
	
\f2\b0 - Micro goals, valuable daily rewards are 15 minutes of practice away from the Player identities, although full daily rewards could be obtained only after 1 hour long session (with bonus from practice). Daily Recovery sessions, maybe incorporate meditation in the game as to promote rest, daily walks or being outside. Reward Player by simply getting in to the game - give support and encouragement in a desire to progress. Reward changing the environment as an achievement itself - going to the gym is 25% of the reward itself. Scheduled session has a better reward and progression boost, Control goals sets personal expectations. Community support and social features, buddy support - just a way to say encouragement words in a day before the training. Obviously in game stories and quests which teaches Player how to deal with common issues.  
\f1\b \
\
To get used to achieve big things via small steps\

\f2\b0 	- Challenges, weekly/monthly/yearly represented as monsters of a different kinds. Visually represent those goals and make it clear that Player is moving towards that. Basically main game loop is a reward for small things - daily quests, daily progress, timers and so on. In game movements means progress and exploration, main story unfolds as Players moves, random encounters, notes, social features.
\f1\b \
\
To stop preparing and start doing\

\f2\b0 	- Only actions are rewarded in a game, so it should handle it the most. In game quests which focus on that and narrative that focuses on doing, anti-heroes as those who keep preparing and not doing.
\f1\b \
\
To know how to avoid obstacles\

\f2\b0 	- Those will be communicated mainly via quests and stories and main narrative of how to achieve big things
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::2><$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\b\fs26 Experience\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\b\fs26 To learn that living is doing\
	
\f2\b0 - Game progresses only when you do, so it should be enough already, but main narrative should be around that as well
\f1\b \
\
To become accountable and face the reality\
	
\f2\b0 - That is basically will be communicated in a form of reports - here what we got in a last week/month/year and that is a reality. In game we should communicate it clearly that seeing those is seeing a reality and there is no negative in those, but exactly what it is. Those are real and accepting a reality is an important step to grow as a person.
\f1\b \
\
To give up and recover - resilience\
	
\f2\b0 - \'93Master Of Resilience\'94 is the one and attempts are rewarded, rather than winning. Returning back to the abandoned heroes are rewarded as well, we need to keep the balance of not pushing it too much. In game narrative should be as follow: Going as fast as possible -> Going somehow, but never stop -> Stopping is fine as long as you continue later on.
\f1\b \
\
To get back the control\

\f2\b0 	- Control is an explicit metric, and \'93Walk Of Rebirth\'94 mode in case everything went too bad and reset is needed. Game narrative around control and a feeling of it, stories and quests. Make a focus on who is in charge - either Player has control or Demons posses it. 
\f1\b \
\
\ul To become one\ulnone  with the journey itself\

\f2\b0 	- Game narrative is about starting as empty vessel, looking for what was lost, looking for identities, dreams and memories only to discover along the journey that Player has become a different person already and recovering old memories, identities or memory become irrelevant. Player completeness is done and there is no need to look for anything outside - all that is needed is already there and the journey of the discoveries of identities is a way to live.
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 \
\
\
\
}