{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs56 World\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\b\fs26 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 The world was created from collapse of multiple parallel worlds and times. It filled with artefacts of distant past or future and signs of ancient civilisations from different worlds. The world was empty at first, but then living creatures start to appear in this world: upon the arrival everyone looses their identities, their memories and desires which become alive creatures on their own with their own will. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Ps::1>
\f2\b\fs36 Layers\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\fs26 Layer1: \ulnone Many think of this world as a first stage of hell - place of only suffering and pain which was given for the mistakes of past. There is no escape or purpose, but only misery. The end is near and there is nothing we can do about it. Creatures are paralysed by the fear, they afraid of making an another mistake which will make their suffering even worser.\
\
\ul Layer2:\ulnone  The purpose of this world is to get a last chance of rebirth and starting over from the scratch. All living creatures are in this world got lost in their worlds and were sent to this world as a last chance to find themselves. It was created by 
\f2\b Unnamed
\f1\b0  to give a last hope to living creatures to become complete and fulfil their purpose by becoming what Unnamed wanted them to be - to be a successful child that would make a creator proud by realising the potential that was given by the Unnamed, which is an only way to be saved.\
\
\ul Layer3:\ulnone  The purpose is not realising something where you have a potential of becoming good, but becoming good in fields where you have no potential, but a desire to become good at. Only the bravest heroes follow this route which is not intended to be followed. Only the strongest keep walking in a direction that was not their purpose. Only the toughest crawls forward knowing that they never reach a destination, but enjoy the journey itself knowing that they are realising what they want and not what was intended for them from above.\
\
TODO:\
\
- It\'92s important to design world history and culture. Without it the world would look like an theme park - set of random shiny places put together\
\
he area within a video game\'92s story exists. How each character fill into this world? Perhaps we can fill the world with zombie-like defeated players who were affected by the Course and failed to try to realise their dreams. Maybe even add a bit more drama via gore - blood marks and dead bodies to scare a player a bit. To remind what will happen with him if he will not try.\
\
Maybe set a starting point as World Crosswalk - bunch of portals to other worlds, that would explain other Player presence now and then, but we need to think about Player motivation to be there, same for the Daemon. Portals should be to the past/feature which will match skills from other time dimensions which doesn\'92t fit fantasy setting.\
\
Map - where we are, what else exists on around us? Map would play an important part of discovery and story progress. It\'92s likely to include Quests, Other Players Legacy and other things. How actually we going to move in this world? Just walk? Can we use portal to move around? Can we reward player with Portals?\
\
Think about available mediums for communication in the world - left messages, portals for transferring those, Ancient Ruins, Ancient Books, Ancient Writings On The Wall? Maybe some monsters, like Ancient Snake can transfer messages via ugly vomiting items from another world? Some writings on walls, arrows, pointers, names of the places, roads, map. \
\
In the world there has to be portals to past/future and to other dimensions which will explain books/skills from other time/world rather than current fantasy-one.\
\
We need a way to refer to the modern world things - books, social networks and current races and modern instruments. \
\
}