{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs56 Brotherhood Of Lost\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs26 A temple of Seekers who sets their goal to recover their lost memories and Identities. They refuse to meet The Decay without discovering who they were in the past. They want to find themselves before everything ends.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Ps::1>
\f2\b\fs36 Layers\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\fs26 Layer0:\ulnone  Every Seekers who appear in this world sees the powerful Demon - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://A5FFF324-17F2-475B-BDC6-3DB8037AE2F4"}}{\fldrslt Frater}}. It\'92s assumed that it stoles all the memories and identities from the arriving Seekers and defeating is the way to got it back. No one knows where it is or can it actually be defeated, but using multiple clues and history artefacts Player slowly approaches to it.\
\
\ul Layer1:\ulnone  Gods will occasionally interfere and place a seed of doubt in the Seekers that Brotherhood is not the way and should be given up or better yet - fully destroyed from within. That final prise is not what Seekers is after, but an opposite of it. Low level Demons will also give hints about a whole setup as they are suffering from Seekers growing stronger and essentially being food for the growing Seekers.\
\
\ul Layer2:\ulnone  Verus and few other high level Demons will help Seekers on a few occasions, while Gods will make Seekers life harder. It will look like Verus want Seekers to become powerful enough so that they be able to find Verus.\
\
\ul Layer3:\ulnone  It will be revealed that Brotherhood was created by the Verus and other powerful Demons to harvest the Seekers - to grow them and their Identities as they do while searching for their memories, so that high level Demons have a high level Seekers to be consumed. Player will face a choice of revealing the truth about it or keep things as is. Brotherhood gives a hope and a reason to grow for their members and even facing a Demon is not a predefined and there is a chance of a win.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Ps::1>
\f2\b\fs36 Ideas\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\fs26 - Admire of those who is trying - maybe whole Brotherhood should do it or maybe only Senex\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}