{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 - How to fit social features - guilds? Collaborative goals?\
- Happiness comes from the relationship and day to day communication with others - game should offer that\
- Polymath - what is there, motivation, reasoning, representation?\
- Show: Success is the process with ups and downs. Small victories, instead of big wins\
- Player ark -> Fate in themself -> Growth -> Teaching others\
- There are no fate building at first and things looks rather \
- What is the way to transform to the Mentor? How can Player grow to start helping others?\
- Where is the place for the Sage? If Player is travelling all the time then how would Sage communicate?\
- What kind of environment interaction will happen in? Library, workshop, plane field, forest, near lake to convey patience and peace? What kind of mood we want to create?\
- Normalise failure and struggle - show others who are struggling, who are failing and feeds their Demons, to show that only those who is not trying are never failing. \
- Frustration is a sign of progress. What other signals is there? Could we track it, visualise it, reward it? Maybe another Demon or is that too much already and that one is not that explicit? Just an activity bool flag like with practice?\
- How does Control fit into the story?\
- What is the reasoning behind scheduled activities? Probably Seeker announce there presence in certain time/place and there Demons will gather waiting, so reward is bigger\
- What is the exactly the reward from the Demons? \
- How to support multiple Identities: Say I\'92m fasting for 24 hours, but also do a few runs at the same time?\
- How practice fits into that? Also make it clear why Identity progress is the way forward, it\'92s not explicit why\
- One of the foundation story line is how to become better at Identities - high level Demons are interested in that and they need not only help, but also educate\
- What is actual play? Just a simple activity -> rewarded progress? \
- We should have something that prevent players from adding more and more activities without thinking - rate limits in a sense\
- It\'92s about a discovery and map moving - we should find more than just occasional quests progress - collectables \
- Concept of challenges and growing Demons associated with that with time doesn\'92t fit anywhere\
- Concept of Ideas, not exactly challenges - where would it go?\
- We need a way to fail - what exactly happen in this case? \
- Important checkpoint in the beginning is to make yourself comfortable with a new environment. At the beginning it\'92s scary and causes discomfort, but eventually you\'92ll get used to it - expanding comfort zone. Alternative: Familiarity - that could be a first stage of learning the skill. Before things become familiar we feel insecure\
- Those who tried and succeeded - are Masters. Those who have failed - are Heroes\
- External voice that speaks to the Player in some important moments - mystery and chance for the narrative. We can add also objects that can speak - nice addition and with time it will feel close to the Player. We can also unlock it in multiple steps revealing it\'92s story and functionality \
- Town: social centre, to built a social presence, share wins, public commitments\
}