{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs56 Unnamed\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs26 The one who have created this world and who gave all the living creates a one more chance.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Ps::1>
\f2\b\fs36 Idea\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\fs26 \
Narrative: like an old grumpy father cursing for his kid because son is doing nothing and not interested in anything. Once son starting to act Unnamed one become even more enraged because kid is doing things wrong and not as Unnamed himself would do.  Eventually Player start his own journey which makes Unnamed one panic in anger as he had planned (by giving talents) and wished for other things for his son. Unnamed one threat to make suffer the Player if he would not return to the intended path which eventually happens. There would be a dialog with a choice where Player can say \'93Try me!\'94 which will reset all the Identities and other progress accumulated across years.\
\
End goal for the Player to do what he wants, ignoring his talents and Unnamed intentions. \
\
\
He tries to hint Player that current memory recovery quest is a wrong one, but after some time gave up and simply observe giving mean comments whenever Player has important progression in this quest. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Ps::1>
\f2\b\fs36 Dialog 1\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\fs26 \
Random encounter in dreams, once Player start looking for his memories\
\
- [Unnamed] You look like shit!\
- Who are you?\
- You humans are so obsessed with names. You see a thing and first thing you wanna do is to put a tag on it\
- What do you want?\
- What are you - stupid?! I\'92ma givings gifts, what do you wanna?\
- I don\'92t need anything\
- Oh, you\'92re actually dumb   All-righty, I\'92ll speak slowly: Y-O-U S-E-A-R-C-H W-H-A-T?\
- My memories\
- STOP THINKING BY YOUR ASS!\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Ps::1>
\f2\b\fs36 Dialog 2\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\fs26 \
\'a0Notes without signature, but it\'92s clear that it\'92s from Unnamed\
\
\'93To stupid ass: you\'92re not inna maze - stop looking for an exit\'94\
\
\'93Imma gonna break your ass and then maybe you\'92ll see\'94\
\
\'93Even worm knows its purpose, why it\'92s so difficult for you to realize it?\'94\
\
\'93Listen, Imma loosing my patience, don\'92t have much experience with mental retarded like you\'94\
\
Another dream sequence:\
\
- [Unnamed] OH, CMON! I\'92ll bring vitamins for ya brain next time\
- I don\'92t understand what you are trying to tell me\
- Why the fuck you think you are here?!\
    - [ ] I\'92m in this hell for things I have done\
    - [ ] It\'92s a test\
    - [ ] Someone brought me here\
- Oh, someone kill me here, preferably twice. YOU\'92RE HERE BECAUSE YOU\'92VE WANTED IT\
\
\
\
}